
---------------------------
SkyView-in-a-Jar execution:

This document gives an overview of the common arguments to
the SkyView-in-a-Jar application.  For more a comprehensize discussion
of all arguments see the SkyView-in-a-Jar User's Guide.

Usage:
   java -jar skyview.jar [key=arg] [key=arg] ...
   java -cp skyview.jar skyview.executive.Imager [key=arg] ...

  Keys are not case sensitive but values may be.
  Values specifying more than one value use a comma as a separator.
  
  If no keys are specified, this text and the
  default valid surveys are listed.

  Valid keys include:
  
   Survey:     A survey for which an image is requested (e.g, WENSS, DSS)
               (Required, with no default.)
                 To request multiple surveys, separate them by commas.  
		 Survey names are not case sensitive.
                 The 'user' survey references data given in 
		 the UserFile argument
		 
   Settings:   A list of one or more files from which settings are read.
               File settings are processed after argument settings.



        -- Keys that define the geometry of the output image. --
   			 
   Position:   The longitude and latitude of the center 
               of the image.  This may be given as coordinates
               or as a target name [No default]
	       
   Lon:        The decimal longitude of the center of the 
               image [No default]
	       
   Lat:        The decimal latitude of the center of the 
               image [No default]	       
	       
   - Either Position or Lon and Lat must be specified.
	
   Coordinates:A string giving the coordinate system and epoch (if required)
                 used, e.g., J, J2000, B1950, ICRS, Gal, H2010.438 [J]
		 
   Equinox:    Epoch of equinox of coordinates [2000]   
		 
   Projection: The three letter FITS WCS specification of the projection. [Tan] 
   
   Scale:      The pixels scale in degrees (may be one or two values) 
               [survey dependent]
	       
   Size:       The size of the entire image in degrees [scale*pixels] 
   
   - Generally you specify either scale or size but not both.
	       
   Pixels:     The number of pixels in the image 
               (may be one or two values) [300]
	       
   Rotation:   A rotation angle in the projection plane [0]


         -- Keys that control optional graphical outputs --
	 
   Quicklook:  The format desired for quicklook output.  
               JPEG, GIF, BMP and TIFF are supported.  
	       If another graphic keyword is used without
	       specifying the format it defaults to JPEG.
	       
   Scaling:    How the output pixel intensities are to be scaled.
               Linear, Log, Sqrt, HistEq are supported
               [Linear]
	       
   Min:        Set all smaller pixel values to this value before scaling.
   
   Max:        Set all larger pixel values to this value before scaling.
   
   RGB:        Create a three color overlay 
	      
   RGBSmooth:  Box smoothing for planes of RGBImages
	       
   Invert:     Invert the color table response (or gray scale 
               if no color lookup table is defined).
	       
   LUT:        Load a color lookup table.  See the users guide 
               for lists of internal color tables and files
	       supplied in the JAR.  User generated color
	       tables may also be used.
	       
   Grid:       Plot a grid of the image or specified coordinate system
               as an image overlay.
   
   GridLabels: Label the grid lines with the coordinate entries
   
   PlotScale:  Scaling for plot symbols
   
   PlotFontSize: Size of plot text in points.
   
   PlotColor:  Color of plot graphics
	       
	 -- Catalog query keys --
	 
   Catalog:    The names of the catalogs to be queried, or URLs
               that specify VOTable outputs.
   
   CatalogFile:The name of a file in which to print the IDs, positions,
               and pixel locations of the catalog entries found.
	       
   CatalogRadius:
   	       A maximum radius from the center of the image for which
	       catalog entries are desired.
	       
   CatalogQualifier:
               A qualification on a column of the returned table (e.g. vmag<10)
	       
   CatalogIDs: When plotting catalog positions print the numeric ID
               of the catalog entry


         -- Keys that define the sampling used. --

   Sampler:    The sampling algorithm to be used. 
               NN, LI, Lanczos[n], Spline[n], Clip [NN]
	       
   Ebins:      Specification of sampling in energy dimension: e0,de,ne 
                 [survey dependent for 3-d surveys]
                 e0 is the starting offset of the first output bin.
                 de is the width of the output bins (relative to the input).
                 n  is th number of output bins.


         -- Keys that set characteristics of the output FITS file. --

   Output:     The output file stem [output]
   
   Compress:   If specified the output is gzip compressed
   
   Float:      If specified the output is 4 byte rather than 8 byte real
   
   NoFITS:     A FITS file should not be produced.  
   
   
         -- Smoothing
   Smooth:     A box size (or sizes for non-square box) for a box car smoothing.


         -- Contours
	 
   Contour:    Create a contour map overlay
   
   ContourSmooth: Smoothing to be applied to survey before contouring

         -- Keys that set where to look for survey and store survey data. --

   XMLRoot:    A directory of XML files that contain survey descriptions
   
   SurveyManifest: Overrides the name of the resource used to look 
               for the survey manifest (normally included in JAR).
	       
   SurveyXML:  A file or files giving XML descriptions of surveys
   
   UserFile:   A file (or list of files) that defines the 'User' survey.
               These are the actual survey images not survey metadata.
   
   Cache:      A directory (or comma delimited set of directories) 
               where cached files are to be found.  The first cache directory is
               where survey files used in this request will be saved.
	       
   PurgeCache: Delete any survey files downloaded in this request.
		 


         -- Keys that define the classes used for processing the request. --

   Deedger:      Class that eliminates transitions at input image boundaries.
   
   SurveyFinder: Class that loads and finds surveys given survey names/IDs
   
   ImageFinder:  Class that finds images in a survey to use in a mosaic.
   
   PreProcessor: Class[es] to process input images before resampling.
   
   Mosaicker:    Class that actually mosaics survey data to create output image.
   
   PostProcessor: Class[es] that process the output image after mosaicking.

         -- Keys that change the behavior of the process.

   ImageJ:  Leave an ImageJ session running with the generated images when
            finished.
   
   
------
This Jar includes release 1.38k of ImageJ  (see http://rsb.info.nih.gov/ij)
